No u 
I honestly think it would have been better if your mom had just done anal. At least then you'd have an excuse for being such a worthless piece of shit.
Does your asshole get jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth? 
You are more useless than Anne Frank's drum set. 
I'm not saying that you're a slut, but you're spit would be accepted at a sperm bank. 
There may be no 'I' in team, but there is definitely a 'U'in cunt 
Your hair/face/skin is so oily that it's a fucking miracle America hasn't invaded you yet. 
What's the difference between you and hitler Hitler knew when to kill himself
You're like a bowling ball. You get picked up, fingered, thrown down the alley, and *still* come back for more. 
If I had an hour to live... I'd spend it listening to your bullshit. Because a minute of that alone feels like an eternity.
I said my mum can't make jokes, here's her reply... I made you.
one of my favorites I'd like to see something from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I'd call you a cunt But you have neither the warmth nor depth.
The titanic sank 103 years ago Titanic sank 103 years ago, making it one of the only things your mom did not go down on.
I fingered your sister... And found your dad's wedding ring
I'm not saying you're a whore... but if your vagina had a password, it would be "Password"
If dicks are planes, your butthole is an airport. 
What's the difference between a woman and a computer? You know how to turn on a computer. 
Your family tree is a cactus. Because everyone on it is a prick.
Somebody just told me that I am proof that constant masturbation doesn't burn calories. Ouch.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world. 
What is the difference between you and Hitler? At least he knew when to kill himself.
Every yo mama joke had been done thousands of different times by thousands of different people ...just like yo mama
I'm not saying you're fat, but it looks like you were poured into your clothes and forgot to say "when" 
Your dick belongs in your pants, not your personality. 
"You're as useless as a barber working at the make a wish foundation " This is an extremely funny insult that I came up with a while ago, it's pretty dark though so use it wisely :))
You're the living equivalent of a participation award. 
You're more disappointing than No Man's Sky. making elementary school-level cracks at each other. If you put as much effort into your posts as you put into making yourselves seem like little cunts, 
The only way you'll ever get laid.......  is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait
She sucked so much dick She's genetically more of a man than I am.
I'd give you a nasty look but you've already got one. 
I could have been your father But your mother decided to swallow that load.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the abortion clinic. 
I envy people that don't know you. 
Your family tree looks like a cactus because everyone on it's a prick 
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example. 
You couldn't be more inbred even if you were in a fucking sandwich 
Yo mama so ugly.... Scorpion said "STAY OVER THERE!"
What sex position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mum.
I hope you outlive your children 
I'm trying to see things from your point of view... but I can't get my head that far up my ass.
Your family tree must be a cactus, because you're a prick. 
Your head is so far up your ass.... You can probably smell your dad's semen.
Whats the difference between you and hitler? Some people respected Hitler
You're the only person I've heard of that needs to show ID to leave the zoo. 
The only reason you're still alive is because the doctor performing the abortion had a heart attack when he saw your face. Don't ask how he saw your face. Maybe he was a magic doctor. Maybe you shouldn't question my damn logic.
Your birth certificate... ..is an apology letter from a condom factory
Your mom was such a slut... She has a glory hole in her coffin.
Your ass must be jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth. 
Keep rolling your eyes Maybe you'll find a brain back there, you idiot.
If you were a loaf of bread... You would be a faguette.
Oh honey, you're not pretty enough to be that dumb 
I envy the people who have never met you. 
save your breath mate, you'll need it to blow up your girlfriend later one i heard a while back, made me chuckle
You're as useful as a sundial in a black hole 
I would love to insult you... But I'm afraid I won't do as good as nature did. 
I need you like I need water in my lungs 
Look, I'm not saying you *should* kill yourself. That would be awful of me. I'm just pointing out that if you did, no one would be sad. 
I do not much care for you good sir. And your mother's cooking exceeds the threshold of my tolerance.
Your grades say "marry rich" but your looks say "study harder!" 
What's the difference between you and a lollipop that tells the time? One is a clock-sucker and I forget the rest but your mother is a whore.
You'll never be the man your mother is 
What's the difference between eggs and you? Eggs get laid and you don't.
2074 called. You died alone.
You shouldn't use words you can't spell So stop talking
You should carry around a plant so you can replace all of the oxygen you're stealing from functioning members of society. 
Please change your name to 240p because you are low quality. 
Here's a potted plant to replace the air you wasted. And while you're at it, take another; you could clearly stand to lose some weight.
I get terrified when I see you, because my biggest fear has always been of failure. 
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor? A feminist. 
You know the biggest difference between your refrigerator and your girlfriend? Your refrigerator doesn't ask "Is it in yet?" when you put your meat in. 
Why are you playing so hard to get... when you are already hard enough to want
If cleanliness is next to godliness, then you and your family are militant atheists. 
You look like your fucking dad just jacked off into a trashcan and 9 months later you crawled out 
What is your favorite insult you stupid dumbfucks? 
If i were to insult you, it would be animal abuse. 
I bet you like your steak well done. 
Have you ever wanted a brother? Because you look like you have enough extra chromosomes to make yourself a sibling
I'd call you a cunt, but... You have neither the warmth nor the depth of one.
You'll never be half the man your mother was 
After meeting you, I can confirm I'm not Hindu. Because there's no way I've done anything bad enough in a previous life to deserve talking to such a piece of shit.
You're just a... a... A COTTON HEADED NINNY MUGGIN
People like you are the reason that I became pro-choice. 
Is that your face, or did your neck throw up? 
What's with all this weak shit? Is the age limit in here 14? 
You look like ten pounds of shit in a five pound bag. 
You're a real hermaphrodite  you've managed to be both a dick *and* a cunt
May your butthole grow taste buds 
I hope you're an organ donor... it's the only way your life will have meaning.
Your ego wont fit through a door but your vocabulary could fit in one tweet! 
I just realised I just realized that you can reply to almost any insult with "don't be a hypocrite"
Are you in the comments? Because you look like a real joke. 
Your parents make bad jokes but you were probably the wrst one 
You're as useless as the "ueue" in queue 
I bet your parents are pro-choice now. 
One time your dad set the house on fire. yet you're still his biggest mistake.
Yo momma so ugly She went into a haunted house and came out with a job application 
So this big woman with a big ass tells me she's lost 10 pounds... I tell her if she looks behind her, she'll find them
If penises could be used as USBs, yours would be favored as it would provide the fastest download at the smallest size
I had my husband write me and insult so I could look at it every time this bully I work with pissed me off enjoy You piece of literal human garbage. Millions upon millions of years of evolution completely wasted on such a putrid insignificant walking eyesore. You hands down disprove religion Bc there's no way god or any deity for that matter could have colossally fucked up enough to bring upon the shit stain in our entire history of sentient beings that is you. I could literally take every piece of shit and garbage in the known universe and find at least a thousand and one more uses than I could ever find for you. I don't know what kind of back alley abortion you crawled your sorry ass out of but it was nothing short of the biggest mistake to ever befall my eyes.
There is no I in team But there is an I in win and who wants to be on a team if you FUCKING LOSE
I just came out with this insult when an annoying idiot didn't let me study during recess for the test we had next period. "Unlike you, I want to have a future, a safe employment and a shower, with water, not sewage that loops from your toilet. Now turn your eyes anywhere away from me and let me study, you stinky fuck"
You should be an archeologist because your life is in ruins 
All your friends are fake They just want to be safe when you shoot the place up
Hey, are you sausage? 'Cause you're the wurst!
Your dick Your dick is like a tapeworm. Short, white, and no woman wants in inside of her
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You have the perfect face for radio, and the perfect voice for newspaper. 
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ level. 
You went to the gynecologist with your girl and he thought YOU were the pussy. I admit, it was stolen from YouTube.
Your family tree is a circle 
When I'm in the shower I think of you... Because the french word for shower is "douche"
You're such a piece of shit, if you sat in sand cats would try to bury you. 
I'd call you a whore But no one wants to fuck you
I'm not saying she's dumb but, the smartest thing that ever came out of her mouth was a dick
If the pope saw your baby pictures he'd change the Church's stance on abortion
Im not saying your head is up your ass, but i bet you can taste your prostate 
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine credit: hitler
Your family tree is like a cactus full of annoying pricks
You suck dick for the flavor 
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory. 
What sex position produces the ugliest child? Ask your Dad. 
Isn't it dangerous? To use your entire vocabulary in one sentence.
You look like the poster boy for birth control 
You're dick is so small they discovered atomic energy when they circumcised you 
I'm not laughing because I think you're funny, I'm laughing because you think you're funny. 
You were a stillborn baby. Your father didn't want you but you were still born. 
The only time you ever had a stroke of genius is when you gave Einstein a handjob. 
crude but gets the point across... Go make yourself an aluminium foil condom and fuck a power socket you pin dicked cunt. 
You're a dildo. I'd call you a dick, but you're not real enough. 
You look perfect... for a Chernobyl victim display case.
I would've kicked you in the face But I didn't want my shoes to smell like shit.
If opposites attract, I hope you find an attractive, interesting, intelligent and funny partner. 
You look like your father would be disappointed in you. If he stayed 
People say it takes time to create a masterpiece. I don't think this is true. You stayed 9 months in the womb and still look like shit. Edit: ~~stayed~~ spent
Did you fall from heaven? That would explain why your legs are broken
Knock Knock Go fuck yourself
"You smell like a yeast infection" - some dude to a mouthy girl on the train today. She was mortified. 
You are proof that anal sex can result in pregnancy 
Tell your girlfriend to stop changing her lipstick color so often. My dick looks like a fuckin rainbow!
Yo mama is like a shotgun... Two cocks and she's ready to blow
Frankly, I don't have the time or the crayons to explain it to you. 
Your're so fat you don't need the internet... Your're already world wide
You are about as worthless as a magician at a school for the blind Thought this one up today
Two wrongs don't make a right. Take your parents for an example.
You're worse than windows 8. 
I bet you play tennis... ...Cos it's the only time you get love.
The better part of you slid down your mother's leg. 
You are so skinny you have to run around in the shower to get wet. 
What do priests do in their free time? Netflix and children
You look like shit . . . Sweetheart I’ve seen flesh wounds dressed better than you! Those leggings look like condoms full of conkers. You got a face like a bucket of smashed crabs, wrinkles deeper than world war one trenches and a nose long enough to land a fucking plane on.  And when you walk your arse looks like two ferrets fighting in a sack.
People like you make me pro choice 
When you were born, the doctors held you in their hands and said... "What the hell?  The placenta came out first."
I hope your kids all grow up with small dicks. Especially the girls. 
I was on the wrong end of this one, but it's mine now. "It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard."
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich. 
Did you take classes on how to be a moron or are you just naturally gifted? 
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries 
Don't be a hypocrite I just realized you can respond to any insult with don't be a hypocrite.
You're so fucking fat You make Big Smoke's order seem normal-sized
Your mother's abortionist must be proud. His biggest failure learned how to read.
Your mother's house is so dirty, you have to wipe your feet before you go outside. 
[NSFW] Insult you are a doo doo head.
I would call you a cunt but you lack the warmth and depth 
Were you born on a freeway? Most accidents happen there 
Go apologize to your mother for not being a stillborn. 
Go put a condom on your head. If you're going to act like a dick, you might as well dress like one too. 
I'd call you a cunt but.... ....you lack the warmth and depth
If brains were dynamite You wouldn't have enough to blow off your hat.
You should clone yourself... So you can go fuck yourself.
Every selfie you post qualifies as a dick pic 
You can't be as stupid as you look, nobody can. 
It takes 9 months for your mom to shit. 
Why do women live on average two years longer? Because the time they spend parking doesn’t count
The only positive result that has happened in your life is you getting your HIV test 
You're so stupid, you'd starve to death by trying to escape from a corn maze. 
You Must Have Been A Pretty Strong Baby To Climb Out Of That Abortion Bucket. 
Is your body at 4°C or are you really just that dense? 
Did it hurt... Did it hurt when you fell from the slut tree and banged every branch on the way down?
I'd offer you some of my brain cells, but it doesn't look like you have much space. With all those extra chromosomes.
It's a good thing you aren't a manure salesman... ... cause I don't buy that shit for a second.
You're so ugly your parents had to tie a pork chop around your neck to make the dog play with you. 
You make atheists pray to God that you kill yourself 
Your parents must be twins. 
Best insult in a video game ever... "Your parents must have been twins!"  --Packie, GTA 4
If my horse was as ugly as you I'd shave his ass and ride him backwards, just like I do your Mom.
Yo momma... Yo momma so fat, when she walks passed the television, bitch makes me miss 2 seasons. 
You are the kind of person that needs to look up instructions on boiling water 
If you were twice as smart you'd still be stupid. 
Walk in circles around someone fat. When they ask you to stop, say... "I can't, you've pulled me into your orbit!" 
You were born on a highway cause that's where most accidents happen
I know you are but what am i 
Your family crashes Genealogy software. All those Loops. 
Yo mama's like a black hole... She's dense, weights a ton, and has a gaping vagina that sucks everything in the vicinity!
You must have been born between June 22nd and July 22nd because you're fucking cancer. 
Did you know scientists have finally found a way to achieve a temperature of absolute zero in a controlled setting? All they had to do was play a copy of your mix tape.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would jump from your weight down to your IQ. If I wanted to kill myself, I would jump from your weight down to your IQ.
I've met some pricks in my time but you're the fucking cactus! 
What do you say to a feminist with no arms and no legs? Nice tits, bitch!
Yo mama so nasty she put a cucumber in her panties and it came out a pickle. 
Please flush the toilet If I wanted to see shit I'd look at your work 
I had a wet dream about you last night. You got hit by a bus and I pissed myself laughing.
"I'd agree with you" But then we'd both be wrong
You're like 4chan. Retarded and suicidal.
Hey Girl, did you fall from heaven?, Because your face is, FUCKED UP
I don't shut up. I grow up. And every time I look at you, I throw up. Found this on the internet.
You're about as useful as The Hawaii Interstate 
Average Redditors be like Look at me, everything i say is political correct and im totally not forcing down every possible gender everyones throat. I hate Trump and i watch stephen colbert more often than i blink. Anyhow, if youre not at least bisexual at this point youre a sexist. I am the most religious person you will ever meet and every atheist is automatically an edgy teenager. But wait, how can i be multigender-vehicle tolerant-even animal on human supportive-sexual if im religious? I guess the god i believe in should stop being an edgy teenager and educate himself.. what a sexist pig. Now lets pray.
I like communism more than I like you I'm US senator Joe McCarthy and I approve this message.
It looks like a mortician did your makeup. 
You deserve to have hot water come out of every water fountain you use. 
Why don't you rip your ears off, shove them up your ass along with your opinions, and listen to the shit that comes out. You are a complete and utter moron. You are so fucking blinded by your superiority complex, that even if we have convinced you by now, you'll never admit to it. You are one of those people that I would categorize as "the scum of the earth," AKA "complete pieces of shit, who should be exiled to Mars (when we have the technology to keep humans alive on Mars, of course) as a punishment for being so fucking stupid". Stop being a pretentious douchebag and give in. Talk to you later (later as in the next time you say something fucking stupid)!
Are you the last episode of How i Met Your Mother? Because you disappoint almost everybody.
Nice wig. Seems like a compliment at first until they slowly realize this means that their wig is obvious. 
If you want my comeback........ You'll have to scrape it off your Mum's teeth.
Make like a tree and die in a forest fire 
You're about as welcome as a post-shower fart. 
You're a dick I was gonna say you're a pussy, but a dick suits you better. You are what you eat, after all.
Your taste in clothes is so bad that people wearing Crocs laugh at you. 
You have more chins than a Chinese phonebook. 
If my computer's drivers were female.... It would have crashed by now
On a scale of 1 to 10, how old are you? Only works over the internet.
Driving/ Road Rage Insults Any Road Rage Insults or things you would yell at people while driving or on the street
You are unique but not beautiful. You're one of the regular rocks on the beach everyone ignores. 
Hey (persons name) I bet you can sympathize with batteries, you're not included in anything either. 
I feel sorry for the trees out there They're tirelessly producing oxygen so you can live your pathetic life
Your point is as ill-conceived as you. (Guy won a debate with that retort. Nobody cared whatever else was said after he dropped it.)
Yo mamma is so ugly, her nickname is the sound diarrhea hitting pavement 
Insult: I'm not saying that you're a dick, but if you're around for more than four hours, I want to consult a physician. Thoughts? Opinions?
You're kind of like a cereal box toy: useless and cheap, but for some reason everyone wants you. 
your mom: 'doctor, aren't you going to cut the umbilical chord?' Doctor: 'Well, I thought I could leave it on so you can use it for when you take this thing out for a walk.' 
My favorite insult Your face looks like it caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork
If they took the autism out of him, he would be physically lighter 
You're such an obnoxious asshole your own shadow won't keep you company. 
Hello reddit! What's your best insult about someones lack of dignity?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma
If I need any more shit out of you, I'll squeeze your ears together. 
The idea of my love for you is like a rose. It's too fucking painful to even grasp.
I had sex with your mother for a doughnut. I would charge her more, but that's all she could afford. 
I hope you don't have children, not because you're stupid, but because they would hate you 
He took off his pants... So i asked him... how many times were you circumcised?
yo momma so fat that when you said "oh fudge" she said "don't say the lord's name in vain!!!" ye
She's fucked more men than prostate cancer 
I'll try to see things from your point of view, But I can't get my head that far up my ass
Your Mom sucks dick for bricks To build your sister a whore house.
Tell your mom to stop changing lipstick. My dog's dick is looking like a rainbow.
Life's a beach And you're a whale
Your brain must feel good as new, seeing as you never use it 
Yo' momma so fat, her picture fell off the wall. 
You shouldn't try to tell jokes you already are one
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a comeback better than that. 
You are not the best ot be, because​ eyou work in a dump, stupid bimp! 
Your genitals look like someone spat a wad of gum into a pile of barber hair. 
In a world of 31 flavors, you're the cup they rinse the spoons in 
Your mother misheard the doctor, he said she should 'smother you' 
I wish your dad had just one more wank before he spunked up your mom's gash 
I hope every grape you eat is soft *drops mic*
You are the reason why the word "reality" is an antonym to happiness 
Insult me. I am thinking about becoming a politician... Some background information: I have no real education. I am a little overweight. I've never been in prison, but it's been close a few times. I let my dog sleep in my bed. I occasionally smoke weed. I am a man and I like man things like repairing my own car, lighting things on fire, explosions, weapons, cooking elaborate food stuff; with fire of course. 
Could you speak up a bit? With all the bullshit flowing from your mouth, it's kind of hard to understand you. 
You are so useless you will be reincarnated as a down syndrome cow Muh
You're such a nobody you expect a Spanish Inquisition. 
If you were any dumber I'd have to water you three times a week
If I wanted any lip from you, I would've jiggled my zipper. 
You're so ugly, your birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory. 
Q: Why are there no Jews on Jupiter? A: Because it's a gas planet
Do you know how long it takes for your mother to take a crap? Nine months. 
You look how 9/11 felt. I hope offensive insults are taken kindly.
The most offensive sentence I could think of at the time. Nothing in this universe would give me more pleasure than to cave in your hideous face with a fucking brick, then assfuck you with an electrified cheesegrater covered in anthrax whilst force-feeding you your own limbs, you mentally deficient waste of fucking oxygen. 
I fart in your general direction!  Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!"
You are about as useful as a screen door on a submarine. 
May your fingers turn into fish hooks and your balls begin to itch Heard this gem on a radio show this morning.  They were doing a segment on insults from around the world and this one is the literal translation from an African language to English 
Your mother fucks for bricks to build your sister a whore house. 
Looking at you, It's hard for me to believe god created us in his own image. 
You're the kind of person who would set off firecrackers at 7 AM on the 3rd of July. 
You are so fucking dense Light bends around you
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory. 
You have the iQ of a common houseplant. 
Inbreds don't run in your family... They slither.
You never fail to disappoint me... I always expect nothing from you now so I can't be disappointed ever again.
Throws 5 $1 in guy's face Go buy a condom, it would be a shame if you were allowed to reproduce.
You suck on so many donkey dicks that you got Shrek throat 
Wow, you are just campaigning for Ass of the Year, aren't you? 
[insert offhanded 'your mom' crack] "My mom is dead." "Well, at least she's not still out whoring around, right?"
When your mother gave birth to you, she accidentally pooped at the same time. She was overjoyed because she thought that she had twins.
Your family tree... Your family tree looks more like a ladder
If your mother and father split up... Would they still be considered brother and sister?
You're about as perceptive as Hellen Keller. Heard it in a movie, can't remember what it was though... always liked the insult.
Does your face hurt? Because it's hurting me.
If your brains were gunpowder, You wouldn't have enough to blow your hat off 
The difference between a joke and two dicks... You can't take a joke.
are you a C program? because you have no class.
I would pull you out of the way of an oncoming car. Only to wait for a double-decker bus, as it would hurt much more. 
Hey are you a vcr... Because you're useless to me.
Your mum is like a bowling ball....... She gets fingered three times, rolled down the alley and comes back again for more every time!
I'm not saying you're a faggot. I'm saying you'd crawl through a perfectly good whorehouse to get to a fat boy's asshole.
I did your girlfriend... Three centimetres in, it felt brand new.
I wasn't insulting you, I was describing you. 
How many times do you have to eat your own shit to label it as inedible? 
You look like the kinda guy no guy wants to look like. 
You turtleneck looking Bitch You Fucking umbrella shaped unicorn dildo 
If you were twice as smart as you are now... you'd still be stupid.
You are so useless.... That when you were born the doctor threw out the baby and kept the afterbirth. 
Go on ebay and look for some knock-off family to love you 
Your mom should've swallowed you. Heard it on the filthy frank show and it's been my favourite comeback ever since.
If my dog was one-tenth as crazy and spoiled as you... I'd be legally required to put him down. 
You keep your mouth open just as much as your ass I bet 
I'd call ya a cunt But at least a cunt is useful sometimes 
The only reason anyone would deserve to talk to you... is if they were a Hindu who committed an atrocity in their previous life.
Go dumpster diving for ham scraps you 6 piece chicken McNobody Modified from Space Ghost Coast to Coast
For Halloween, you don't even have to dress up in a costume. Because you aren't invited anywhere.
Nice comeback, but... If I wanted my cum back I'd ask your wife to stop swallowing.
the only smart thing To ever come out of your mouth was my unborn kids... but I wish you would've swallowed.
How do I get good at comebacks? Alot of people make fun of me at school like "drink bleach" or "kill yourself" but I thought it would be cool if I could just beat them at their own game.
Your dick is the size of the zipper on my gym shorts Gym shorts don't have zippers.
If the only thing you can do right is breathe… Then an air-conditioner is more talented than you.
"You're such a bitch, people whistle to get your attention." 
"Sorry" ...is what the doctor said when your mom gave birth to you.
I'd rather listen to an auto-tuned queef played on a loop for the rest of my life than hear one more word from your bitch ass. This is mostly directed towards Lady Gaga and her interpretation of David Bowie's music at the Grammys.
You remind me a lot of a tampon Because you're both stuck up cunts
Seems like most insults aren't very insulting. Flinging swear words around without direction is hardly the best or most entertaining way to insult someone. 
I'd roast you, but I don't want other fatties like you to come for the barbecue. 
It's quite inspiring to see how hard you work to maintain your position on top... ...of the bell curve.
I wanted to be you for Halloween... But I don't think I can fit that many dicks in my mouth/ass.
Yo mamma breath so bad people look forward to her farts. 
Your momma so fat she has smaller fat people orbiting around her. 
*pointing to someone's birthmark* What accident happened there? Oh yeah your birth!
Your teeth are like stars Yellow and so far apart from eachother
You remind me of my ex wife in a bikini, because you disgust me. 
You have all the charm and tact of a letter bomb. 
"See you later!" ... "Not if I see you first!" Subtle, but a good one!
If anyone insults you for being single Maybe I'm still single because I don't lower my standards to people like you
How many generations of inbreeding did it take to make you? 
Everyone who ever loved you was wrong. 
go jack off with sand paper you ass spelunker 
May your balls turn square and fester at the edges. 
You're so ugly even your dog can't love you unconditionally. 
You're such a fuck-up, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice. 
Insults What are some good insults that are similar to 'You're the reason companies need to put instructions on shampoo?'
The best thing about you Is that you still have unborn children
How did the grand canyon get built? A Jew dropped a penny. 
You'd struggle to pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel! 
I wish you were a Christmas decoration... ...Cos then you can hang your self
Somewhere there is a tree working desperately hard to produce oxygen for you to breathe. I think you should go apologize to it.
Vulgarity is key You fucking cum filled queef.
You're a fucking sidequest bud 
Don't lie on the floor littering is illegal.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb up to your ego and jump to your iq 
What to say to your parents (Insert title). Like when your parents say anything about their times. Its getting annoying. I really need a comeback to that or any other things parents stereotypically say
State trash talk thread Insult your fellow states
When you were born somebody walked past the delivery room and said "look it's a cunt coming out of a cunt's cunt" 
This shit is so pretentious it just gave me a film school degree. [Seen here]
I'm not saying that I don't like you, but if you were on fire and I had a glass of water. I'd drink it. 
Your mum never gave birth to you, she just grew a tumour and named it (_________) This insult only works if you know the other person's name
Do all of you ask your prepubescent offspring to come up with what you are trying to pass off as actual insults? I'm blown away at how insanely lame they are.
You are as smooth as a waffle iron. 
You're so dense... light bends around you...
I would challenge you to a battle of wits but I see that you have come unarmed -Contested. See http://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/06/24/wit-battle/
Your head would fall off if it wasn't so far up your ass. 
If I were to assault you... ... It would be animal abuse
Let's get off this topic about moms... Just like I got off yours.
The last time I saw a face like yours It was being peeled off the dashboard of a crashed car.
You're wound up tighter than a nun's cunt. Edit: Shout out to all the uptight, type-a personalities 
I would punch you.. but that's animal abuse
Yo momma is so stupid that her adult son is still making Yo momma jokes.
If Patrick Swayze had cigarettes for bones you'd still be more cancerous to society. RIP
Yo mama so fat ...she's got more pounds than the Bank of England
Yo Mama so ugly she was at the beauty shop all day. To get an estimate
My dad always used to say "Boy, are you a monkey on a cattle ranch?" "Cause boy, you're slingin' bullshit."
You're not worth what the abortion would have cost your tired old whore of a mother. 
You look like an Arab girl who got caught reading in public 
"You look like the Nickleback kinda guy...." Overheard at work.
Did you know God likes making jokes? Too bad you're one of them.
I'd rather fuck a glove full of ants than have to stick my cock in your withered cavern. 
The only thing shorter than your dick is the line of trick or treaters outside of Casey Anthony's house 
If you were any stupider, I would have to water you twice a week. 
Insignificant spec of Feculent scum 
I hope you drown in hotdog water 
Your ass hole is as wide open as the ozone hole 
If I wanted your opinion, I'd do a few warmup laps in the sewer 
What do your parents and Richard Branson have in common? They both made Virgins
Everything seems smart when you're stupid. 
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm not the best, and neither are you. 
There's a special place for people like you. It's called the abortion clinic.
You're so fucking fat The world really does revolve around you 
I see you got hit with the Ugly stick. Apparently you recharged it to 100%. 
I am a terrible person who deserves to go to hell. The only thing that stops me from killing myself is meeting you when i die. 
When your gf is angry at you. How are the cramps babe.
You're a dick Cuz you are what you eat.
You have the creepy stare of a YouTube cover guitarist 
Next time you're down there fellating yourself, why not do the world a favor and choke on it? 
You look like you made out with the business end of an industrial pizza slicer. 
When you buy a new dress, the dress asks people "Does this person make me look fat?" 
You're the physical equivalent of that one patch of dead grass in an otherwise perfect lawn. 
My high heels are higher than your IQ. 
You run slower than your metabolism 
You have the class of a weekday afternoon stripper at a club that takes coupons. 
Yo mama so stupid she thinks giving birth to you was a good idea 
Your ass is so tight... that if I stuck a lump of coal up your ass, in 2 weeks it would turn into a diamond.
He's such a tight ass you'd have to lube up the sharp end of a pin to get it in 
What's the smartest thing ever to come out of a woman's mouth? Einstein's jizz.
"I got E. Coli eating out yer mum's asshole, and now I can't stop shitting." It was very specific to my situation at the time.
Yomma so fat that she... doesn't need internet, she's already worldwide
You're dick is so small, you bought a keychain fleshlight. 
Look, it's not my fault... you got handed a McDonald's application at your high school graduation.
You should have been a blowjob. Some comedian. Maybe Doug Stanhope, but I don't remember for sure.
When someone's trying to outdo you when it comes to creative threats: "So help me, I will turn you inside out, cover you sea salt and lemon juice, put you in a barrel of rusty razors, and roll you down a hill." (or, you can threaten to strangle them with their own asshole, either works :P)
The only interesting thing about you is how ugly you are 
is your name barry manilow? because you're gay
Is that your face? Or did your neck throw up?
You look like a before picture. 
There are actually 10 types of people in this world : those who know binary, those who don't... And your mother. Base 10 motherfucker.
Your mom's so fat Miley Cyrus sat on her, swinging.. 
Insults for a girl named Wendy? You'd probably guess I'd be comparing the person to the restaurant, but I can't think of anything clever. Help?
you're mom 
You dance so bad people think one of your legs must be shorter than the other one. 
Yo mama's so ugly, YOUR birth certificate came with an apology. 
I was told that I look like someone that works at Waffle House. 
no u 
I think you would make it in hollywood... as a realistic penis prop.
I know what your parents got you for christmas. A rope.
You're the reason they cancelled firelfy 
ur mum has cervical cancer i love how much more tight she's gotten :)))))))))))
If I wanted to kill myself, I'd climb up your ego and jump down to your I.Q. level. 
Your mom's like a shotgun One cock and she blows
Your mother is like a shady Internet download She'll convert any size floppy disk to a hard drive for free, but you'll probably get viruses.
I would call you a whore, but that would be degrading honest and hardworking prostitutes. 
You're that person who cuts someone off in the hallway then walks slower than them. 
If you were any slower..... you'd be going in reverse. 
