If I wanted to kill myself... I'd climb up your ego and jump to your IQ.
No u 
I honestly think it would have been better if your mom had just done anal. At least then you'd have an excuse for being such a worthless piece of shit.
Does your asshole get jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth? 
You are more useless than Anne Frank's drum set. 
I'm not saying that you're a slut, but you're spit would be accepted at a sperm bank. 
Your insults are so bad, you should post them to r/insults. This sub, man. Jesus Christ. 
There may be no 'I' in team, but there is definitely a 'U'in cunt 
Your hair/face/skin is so oily that it's a fucking miracle America hasn't invaded you yet. 
What's the difference between you and hitler Hitler knew when to kill himself
The world's longest insult You bastard. You vulgar little maggot. You worthless bag of filth. As they say in Texas... I'll bet you couldn't pour piss out of a boot with instructions on the heel. You are a canker. A sore that won't go away. I would rather kiss a dick than be seen with you.
You're a putrescent mass, a walking vomit. You are a spineless little worm deserving nothing but the profoundest contempt. You are an asshole, a cad, a weasel, a pissworm. Your life is a monument to stupidity. You are a stench, a revulsion, a big suck on a sour lemon.
You are a bleating foal, a curdled staggering mutant dwarf smeared richly with the effluvia and offal accompanying your alleged birth into this world. An insensate, blinking calf, meaningful to nobody, abandoned by the puke-drooling, giggling beasts who sired you and then killed themselves in recognition of what they had done.
I will never get over the embarrassment of belonging to the same species as you. You are a monster, an ogre, a malformation. I barf at the very thought of you. You have all the appeal of a paper cut. Lepers avoid you. You are vile, worthless, less than nothing. You are a weed, a fungus, the dregs of this earth. And did I mention you smell?
Try to edit your responses of unnecessary material before attempting to impress us with your insight. The evidence that you are a nincompoop will still be available to readers, but they will be able to access it more rapidly.
You snail-skulled little rabbit. Would that a hawk pick you up, drive its beak into your brain, and upon finding it rancid set you loose to fly briefly before spattering the ocean rocks with the frothy pink shame of your ignoble blood. May you choke on the queasy, convulsing nausea of your own trite, foolish beliefs.
You are weary, stale, flat and unprofitable. You are grimy, squalid, nasty and profane. You are foul and disgusting. You're a fool, an ignoramus. Monkeys look down on you. Even sheep won't have sex with you. You are unreservedly pathetic, starved for attention, and lost in a land that reality forgot.
And what meaning do you expect your delusional self-important statements of unknowing, inexperienced opinion to have with us? What fantasy do you hold that you would believe that your tiny-fisted tantrums would have more weight than that of a leprous desert rat, spinning rabidly in a circle, waiting for the bite of the snake?
You are a waste of flesh. You have no rhythm. You are ridiculous and obnoxious. You are the moral[size] equivalent of a leech. You are a living emptiness, a meaningless void. You are sour and senile. You are a disease, you puerile one-handed slack-jawed drooling meat slapper.
On a good day you're a half-wit. You remind me of drool. You are deficient
in all that lends character. You have the personality of wallpaper. You are dank and filthy. You are asinine and benighted. You are the source of all unpleasantness. You spread misery and sorrow wherever you go.You smarmy lager lout git. You bloody woofter sod. Bugger off, pillock. You grotty wanking oink artless base-court apple-john. You clouted boggish foot-licking twit. You dankish clack-dish plonker. You gormless crook-pated tosser. You churlish boil-brained clotpole ponce. You cockered bum-bailey poofter. You craven dewberry pisshead cockup pratting naff. You gob-kissing gleeking flap-mouthed coxcomb. You dread-bolted fobbing beef-witted clapper-clawed flirt-gill.I cannot believe how incredibly stupid you are. I mean rock-hard stupid.
Dehydrated-rock-hard stupid. Stupid so stupid that it goes way beyond the stupid we know into a whole different dimension of stupid. You are trans-stupid stupid. Meta-stupid. Stupid collapsed on itself so far that even the neutrons have collapsed. Stupid gotten so dense that no intellect can escape. Singularity stupid. Blazing hot mid-day sun on Mercury stupid.
You emit more stupid in one second than our entire galaxy emits in a year. Quasar stupid. Your writing has to be a troll. Nothing in our universe can really be this stupid. Perhaps this is some primordial fragment from the original big bang of stupid. Some pure essence of a stupid so uncontaminated by anything else as to be beyond
the laws of physics that we know. I'm sorry. I can't go on. This is an epiphany of stupid for me. After this, you may not hear from me again for a while. I don't have enough strength left to deride your ignorant questions and half baked comments about unimportant trivia, or any of the rest of this drivel. Duh.The only thing worse than your logic is your manners. I have snipped away most of what you wrote, because, well... it didn't really say anything. Your attempt at constructing a creative flame was pitiful. I mean, really, stringing together a bunch of insults among a load of babbling was hardly effective... Maybe later in life, after you have learned to read, write, spell, and count, you will have more success.
True, these are rudimentary skills that many of us "normal" people take for granted that everyone has an easy time of mastering. But we sometimes forget that there are "challenged" persons in this world who find these things more difficult. If I had known that this was your case then I would have never read your post. It just wouldn't have been "right".
Sort of like parking in a handicap space. I wish you the best of luck in the emotional, and social struggles that seem to be placing such a demand on you.
You are hypocritical, greedy, violent, malevolent, vengeful, cowardly, deadly, mendacious, meretricious, loathsome, despicable, belligerent, opportunistic, barratrous, contemptible, criminal, fascistic, bigoted, racist, sexist, avaricious, tasteless, idiotic, brain-damaged, imbecilic, insane, arrogant, deceitful, demented, lame, self-righteous, byzantine, conspiratorial, satanic, fraudulent, libelous, bilious, splenetic, spastic, ignorant, clueless, illegitimate, harmful, destructive, dumb,evasive, double-talking, devious, revisionist, narrow, manipulative, paternalistic, fundamentalist, dogmatic, idolatrous, unethical, cultic, diseased, suppressive, controlling, restrictive, malignant, deceptive, dim, crazy, weird, dystopic, stifling, uncaring, plantigrade, grim, unsympathetic, jargon-spouting, censorious, secretive, aggressive,
mind-numbing, arassive, poisonous, flagrant, self-destructive, abusive, socially-retarded, puerile, clueless, and generally NOT GOOD.
TL;DR: Read It.
If I had an hour to live... I'd spend it listening to your bullshit. Because a minute of that alone feels like an eternity.
You're like a bowling ball. You get picked up, fingered, thrown down the alley, and *still* come back for more. 
I said my mum can't make jokes, here's her reply... I made you.
one of my favorites I'd like to see something from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I'd call you a cunt But you have neither the warmth nor depth.
Polite Insults. Post here your or your favorite polite insult. 
Here are few I sometimes use (Translated from Russian)
I would punch you in the face, but I do not want to improve your looks. 
Keep talking. You may eventually say something smart. 
Do you still love nature despite what it's done to you?!
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay for the ticket first. 
The titanic sank 103 years ago Titanic sank 103 years ago, making it one of the only things your mom did not go down on.
I fingered your sister... And found your dad's wedding ring
If dicks are planes, your butthole is an airport. 
You're so bad at insults... ...you get your insults from /r/insults. 
What's the difference between a woman and a computer? You know how to turn on a computer. 
Your family tree is a cactus. Because everyone on it is a prick.
I'm not saying you're a whore... but if your vagina had a password, it would be "Password"
What is the difference between you and Hitler? At least he knew when to kill himself.
Every yo mama joke had been done thousands of different times by thousands of different people ...just like yo mama
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world. 
Your dick belongs in your pants, not your personality. 
Your life Sorry, meant to post in /r/jokes
You're more disappointing than No Man's Sky. 
You're all dumbasses! I just found this subreddit, and I was hoping to find some good-ass burns and roasts, but all I found were stupid inbred faggots making elementary school-level cracks at each other. If you put as much effort into your posts as you put into making yourselves seem like little cunts, this might be an awesome subreddit.
The only way you'll ever get laid.......  is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait
Somebody just told me that I am proof that constant masturbation doesn't burn calories. Ouch.
You're the living equivalent of a participation award. 
I'm not saying you're fat, but it looks like you were poured into your clothes and forgot to say "when" 
She sucked so much dick She's genetically more of a man than I am.
I'd give you a nasty look but you've already got one. 
I could have been your father But your mother decided to swallow that load.
I envy people that don't know you. 
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example. 
You couldn't be more inbred even if you were in a fucking sandwich 
Yo mama so ugly.... Scorpion said "STAY OVER THERE!"
What sex position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mum.
The only people lying more than the media were your parents when they told you they loved you. 
Your family tree must be a cactus, because you're a prick. 
Your head is so far up your ass.... You can probably smell your dad's semen.
Whats the difference between you and hitler? Some people respected Hitler
You're the only person I've heard of that needs to show ID to leave the zoo. 
I'm trying to see things from your point of view... but I can't get my head that far up my ass.
The only reason you're still alive is because the doctor performing the abortion had a heart attack when he saw your face. Don't ask how he saw your face. Maybe he was a magic doctor. Maybe you shouldn't question my damn logic.
Your birth certificate... ..is an apology letter from a condom factory
Longest Insult Ever You swine. You vulgar little maggot. You worthless bag of filth. As they say in Texas. I'll bet you couldn't pour !@#$ out of a boot with instructions on the heel. You are a canker. A sore that won't go away. I would rather kiss a lawyer than be seen with you.
You're a putrescent mass, a walking vomit. You are a spineless little worm deserving nothing but the profoundest contempt. You are a jerk, a cad, a weasel. Your life is a monument to stupidity. You are a stench, a revulsion, a big suck on a sour lemon.
You are a bleating foal, a curdled staggering mutant dwarf smeared richly with the effluvia and offal accompanying your alleged birth into this world. An insensate, blinking calf, meaningful to nobody, abandoned by the puke-drooling, giggling beasts who sired you and then killed themselves in recognition of what they had done.
I will never get over the embarrassment of belonging to the same species as you. You are a monster, an ogre, a malformation. I barf at the very thought of you. You have all the appeal of a paper cut. Lepers avoid you. You are vile, worthless, less than nothing. You are a weed, a fungus, the dregs of this earth. And did I mention you smell?
Try to edit your responses of unnecessary material before attempting to impress us with your insight. The evidence that you are a nincompoop will still be available to readers, but they will be able to access it more rapidly.
You snail-skulled little rabbit. Would that a hawk pick you up, drive its beak into your brain, and upon finding it rancid set you loose to fly briefly before spattering the ocean rocks with the frothy pink shame of your ignoble blood. May you choke on the queasy, convulsing nausea of your own trite, foolish beliefs.
You are weary, stale, flat and unprofitable. You are grimy, squalid, nasty and profane. You are foul and disgusting. You're a fool, an ignoramus. Monkeys look down on you. Even sheep won't have sex with you. You are unreservedly pathetic, starved for attention, and lost in a land that reality forgot.
And what meaning do you expect your delusional self-important statements of unknowing, inexperienced opinion to have with us? What fantasy do you hold that you would believe that your tiny-fisted tantrums would have more weight than that of a leprous desert rat, spinning rabidly in a circle, waiting for the bite of the snake?
You are a waste of flesh. You have no rhythm. You are ridiculous and obnoxious. You are the moral[size] equivalent of a leech. You are a living emptiness, a meaningless void. You are sour and senile. You are a disease, you puerile one-handed slack-jawed drooling meat slapper.
On a good day you're a half-wit. You remind me of drool. You are deficient in all that lends character. You have the personality of wallpaper. You are dank and filthy. You are asinine and benighted. You are the source of all unpleasantness. You spread misery and sorrow wherever you go.
You smarmy lager lout git. You bloody woofter sod. Bugger off, pillock. You grotty wanking oink artless base-court apple-john. You clouted boggish foot-licking twit. You dankish clack-dish plonker. You gormless crook-pated tosser. You churlish boil-brained clotpole ponce. You cockered bum-bailey poofter. You craven dewberry pisshead cockup pratting naff. You gob-kissing gleeking flap-mouthed coxcomb. You dread-bolted fobbing beef-witted clapper-clawed flirt-gill.
You are a fiend and a coward, and you have bad breath. You are degenerate,
noxious and depraved. I feel debased just for knowing you exist. I despise everything about you, and I wish you would go away.
I cannot believe how incredibly stupid you are. I mean rock-hard stupid. Dehydrated-rock-hard stupid. Stupid so stupid that it goes way beyond the stupid we know into a whole different dimension of stupid. You are trans-stupid stupid. Meta-stupid. Stupid collapsed on itself so far that even the neutrons have collapsed. Stupid gotten so dense that no intellect can escape. Singularity stupid. Blazing hot mid-day sun on Mercury stupid.
You emit more stupid in one second than our entire galaxy emits in a year. Quasar stupid. Your writing has to be a troll. Nothing in our universe can really be this stupid. Perhaps this is some primordial fragment from the original big bang of stupid. Some pure essence of a stupid so uncontaminated by anything else as to be beyond
the laws of physics that we know. I'm sorry. I can't go on. 
This is an epiphany of stupid for me. After this, you may not hear from me again for a while. I don't have enough strength left to deride your ignorant questions and half baked comments about unimportant trivia, or any of the rest of this drivel. Duh.
The only thing worse than your logic is your manners. I have snipped away most of what you wrote, because, well... it didn't really say anything. Your attempt at constructing a creative flame was pitiful. I mean, really, stringing together a bunch of insults among a load of babbling was hardly effective... Maybe later in life, after you have learned to read, write, spell, and count, you will have more success.
True, these are rudimentary skills that many of us "normal" people take for granted that everyone has an easy time of mastering. But we sometimes forget that there are "challenged" persons in this world who find these things more difficult. If I had known that this was your case then I would have never read your post. It just wouldn't have been "right".
Sort of like parking in a handicap space. I wish you the best of luck in the emotional, and social struggles that seem to be placing such a demand on you.
You are hypocritical, greedy, violent, malevolent, vengeful, cowardly, deadly, mendacious, meretricious, loathsome, despicable, belligerent, opportunistic, barratrous, contemptible, criminal, fascistic, bigoted, racist, sexist, avaricious, tasteless, idiotic, brain-damaged, imbecilic, insane, arrogant, deceitful, demented, lame, self-righteous, byzantine, conspiratorial, satanic, fraudulent, libelous, bilious, splenetic, spastic, ignorant, clueless, illegitimate, harmful, destructive, dumb,
evasive, double-talking, devious, revisionist, narrow, manipulative, paternalistic, fundamentalist, dogmatic, idolatrous, unethical, cultic, diseased, suppressive, controlling, restrictive, malignant, deceptive, dim, crazy, weird, dystopic, stifling, uncaring, plantigrade, grim, unsympathetic, jargon-spouting, censorious, secretive, aggressive,
mind-numbing, arassive, poisonous, flagrant, self-destructive, abusive, socially-retarded, puerile, clueless, and generally NOT GOOD.
Your mom was such a slut... She has a glory hole in her coffin.
Your ass must be jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth. 
Oh honey, you're not pretty enough to be that dumb 
I envy the people who have never met you. 
Did it hurt when you fell from that asshole and hit the toilet bowl water you piece of shit.
If you were a loaf of bread... You would be a faguette.
I need you like I need water in my lungs 
In the club, someone wants to give me their number Me: "Do you have a pen"
Them: "Yeah sure"
Me: "Well you'd better get back in it before the farmer realizes that you're gone"
Look, I'm not saying you *should* kill yourself. That would be awful of me. I'm just pointing out that if you did, no one would be sad. 
I do not much care for you good sir. And your mother's cooking exceeds the threshold of my tolerance.
I would love to insult you... But I'm afraid I won't do as good as nature did. 
What's the difference between you and a lollipop that tells the time? One is a clock-sucker and I forget the rest but your mother is a whore.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the abortion clinic. 
What's the difference between eggs and you? Eggs get laid and you don't.
2074 called. You died alone.
You shouldn't use words you can't spell So stop talking
Remember to wear a condom Not just because you don't want to make the mistake your dad did
But because any girl that wants to have sex with you definitely has something
You should carry around a plant so you can replace all of the oxygen you're stealing from functioning members of society. 
Please change your name to 240p because you are low quality. 
This subreddit is a good enough insult by itself. 
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor? A feminist. 
You know the biggest difference between your refrigerator and your girlfriend? Your refrigerator doesn't ask "Is it in yet?" when you put your meat in. 
Why are you playing so hard to get... when you are already hard enough to want
If cleanliness is next to godliness, then you and your family are militant atheists. 
You look like your fucking dad just jacked off into a trashcan and 9 months later you crawled out 
What is your favorite insult you stupid dumbfucks? 
If i were to insult you, it would be animal abuse. 
Here's a potted plant to replace the air you wasted. And while you're at it, take another; you could clearly stand to lose some weight.
You're as useful as a sundial in a black hole 
I get terrified when I see you, because my biggest fear has always been of failure. 
You're just a... a... A COTTON HEADED NINNY MUGGIN
People like you are the reason that I became pro-choice. 
Is that your face, or did your neck throw up? 
What's with all this weak shit? Is the age limit in here 14? 
You look like ten pounds of shit in a five pound bag. 
You're a real hermaphrodite  you've managed to be both a dick *and* a cunt
After meeting you, I can confirm I'm not Hindu. Because there's no way I've done anything bad enough in a previous life to deserve talking to such a piece of shit.
Your parents make bad jokes but you were probably the wrst one 
You're as useless as the "ueue" in queue
He's not just a regular moron. He's the product of the greatest minds of a generation working together with the express purpose of building the dumbest moron who ever lived.
I bet your parents are pro-choice now. 
One time your dad set the house on fire. yet you're still his biggest mistake.
Yo momma so ugly She went into a haunted house and came out with a job application 
Yo Mama's so poor she runs towards the garbage truck with a grocery list.  This one actually made me kind of sad what
Originally By: Not me.
So this big woman with a big ass tells me she's lost 10 pounds... I tell her if she looks behind her, she'll find them
If penises could be used as USBs, yours would be favored as it would provide the fastest download at the smallest size X-post from /r/showerthoughts
Hey, are you sausage? 'Cause you're the wurst!
I just realised I just realized that you can reply to almost any insult with "don't be a hypocrite"
Are you in the comments? Because you look like a real joke. 
Your dick Your dick is like a tapeworm. Short, white, and no woman wants in inside of her
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You have the perfect face for radio, and the perfect voice for newspaper. 
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ level. 
You'll never be half the man your mother was 
You should be an archeologist because your life is in ruins 
All your friends are fake They just want to be safe when you shoot the place up
Your ego wont fit through a door but your vocabulary could fit in one tweet! 
When I'm in the shower I think of you... Because the french word for shower is "douche"
Twitter bot in need of a bigger insults dictionary! I've made a twitter bot that automatically insults my friend whenever he tweets. I wanted to write a dictionary of insults to use, but decided it'd be even better to let reddit decide!
Can you please help?
You're such a piece of shit, if you sat in sand cats would try to bury you. 
I'd call you a whore But no one wants to fuck you
I'm new here.. is subreddit allowed to start a comment fight? Harambe is gay
I'm not saying she's dumb but, the smartest thing that ever came out of her mouth was a dick
R/insults sucks so much ass that Brokeback mountain decided to do a sequel based off of it
If the pope saw your baby pictures he'd change the Church's stance on abortion
Im not saying your head is up your ass, but i bet you can taste your prostate 
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine credit: hitler
Your family tree is like a cactus full of annoying pricks
What sex position produces the ugliest child? Ask your Dad. 
Isn't it dangerous? To use your entire vocabulary in one sentence.
You look like the poster boy for birth control 
You're dick is so small they discovered atomic energy when they circumcised you 
I'm not laughing because I think you're funny, I'm laughing because you think you're funny. 
You were a stillborn baby. Your father didn't want you but you were still born. 
The only time you ever had a stroke of genius is when you gave Einstein a handjob. 
crude but gets the point across... Go make yourself an aluminium foil condom and fuck a power socket you pin dicked cunt. 
You're a dildo. I'd call you a dick, but you're not real enough. 
You look perfect... for a Chernobyl victim display case.
I would've kicked you in the face But I didn't want my shoes to smell like shit.
Your family tree is a circle 
"You're so dumb your family tree must be a circle" 
People say it takes time to create a masterpiece. I don't think this is true. You stayed 9 months in the womb and still look like shit. Edit: ~~stayed~~ spent
THIS NEEDS TO BE DOCUMENTED IN SCHOOL THERE ARE ALWAYS STUPID ASS PEOPLE SO INSTEAD OF CALLING PEOPLE DUMBFUCKS I WOULD JUST CALL THEM "DUCKS" BECAUSE IT WAS SHORTER AND NOW IT KIND OF CAUGHT ON AND I JUST WANTED IT TO BE KNOWN THAT I STARTED IT
Did you fall from heaven? That would explain why your legs are broken
What the fuck is this subreddit? You're telling me that there is a corner of the internet that some down-syndromed 5-year-olds use to post their petty insults?  Wow, I would be disappointing if I didn't expect it from such a horrible website such as this.  Only someone with the mental complexity of George Bush with a brain tumor would find this entertaining.
You there, reading this.  I can't even ask what the fuck you're doing with your life because that would imply you could accomplish more with your life other than sitting on your 500lb ass reading this
Now you're faced with a dilemma that a 4th grade dropout can't comprehend so I'll explain it to you.  What do you do now that you've gotten your smarter 2 year old sister to read this to you?
Do you attempt to upvote it because of it being an insult, because a fucked up mind like your gets off to this shit because you can't find a real bitch to insult you; do you downvote it because your close-minded, feminist fat fucking ass can't take it; or do you ignore it, much like how your parents ignored you, thus cementing the fact that you contribute nothing to society
Time is running out you sack of gorrilla feces; your type-2 (assuming you can even count to 2) diabetes is gonna thankfully rid you of this world.
Fuck you, your mom's a whore
Knock Knock Go fuck yourself
"You smell like a yeast infection" - some dude to a mouthy girl on the train today. She was mortified. 
You are proof that anal sex can result in pregnancy 
Tell your girlfriend to stop changing her lipstick color so often. My dick looks like a fuckin rainbow!
Yo mama is like a shotgun... Two cocks and she's ready to blow
Frankly, I don't have the time or the crayons to explain it to you. 
Your're so fat you don't need the internet... Your're already world wide
I bet you play tennis... ...Cos it's the only time you get love.
The better part of you slid down your mother's leg. 
You are so skinny you have to run around in the shower to get wet. 
What do priests do in their free time? Netflix and children
You look like shit . . . Sweetheart I've seen flesh wounds dressed better than you! Those leggings look like condoms full of conkers. You got a face like a bucket of smashed crabs, wrinkles deeper than world war one trenches and a nose long enough to land a fucking plane on.  And when you walk your arse looks like two ferrets fighting in a sack.
People like you make me pro choice 
When you were born, the doctors held you in their hands and said... "What the hell?  The placenta came out first."
I hope your kids all grow up with small dicks. Especially the girls. 
I was on the wrong end of this one, but it's mine now. "It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard."
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich. 
Two guys from Michigan attacked by a terrorists die and wake up in hell. Two guys from Michigan die and wake up in hell. The next day, the devil stops to check on them and sees them dressed in parkas, mittens and bomber hats, warming themselves around the fire. The devil asks them, "What are you doing? Isn't it hot enough for you?" The two guys reply, "Well, you know, we're from Michigan, the land of ice and snow and cold. We're just happy for a chance to warm up a bit, you know." The devil decides that these two aren't miserable enough and turns up the heat. The next morning, he stops by again and there they are, still dressed in their parkas, mittens and hats. The devil asks them again, "It's awfully hot down here, can't you guys feel that?" Again, the guys reply, "Well, like we told you yesterday, we're from Michigan, the land of ice and snow and cold. We're just happy to warm up a little bit, you know." The devil gets a little steamed up and he decides to fix the two guys. He cranks the heat up as high as it will go. The people are wailing and screaming everywhere. He stops by the room with the two guys from Michigan and finds them in light jackets and hats, grilling sausage and drinking beer. The devil is astonished. "Everyone down here is in abject misery, and you seem to be enjoying yourselves." The two Michiganders reply, "Well, ya know, we don't get too much warm weather up there in Michigan, we've just got to have a cookout when the weather is this nice." The devil is absolutely furious, he can hardly see straight. Finally, he comes up with an answer. These two love the heat because they have been cold all their lives. He decides to turn all the heat in hell off. The next morning, the temperature is below zero, icicles are hanging everywhere, the people are shivering so bad, they are unable to wail, moan or gnash their teeth. The devil smiles and heads for the room with the 2 Michiganders. He finds them back in their parkas, mittens and hats. They are jumping up and down and cheering. The devil was dumbfounded. "I don't understand. When I turn the heat up, you're happy. Now it's freezing cold, and you're happy. What is wrong with you two?" The Michiganders look at the devil in surprise. "Well, don't ya know - if hell froze over, that must mean. The Lions won the Super Bowl!"
You look like your father would be disappointed in you. If he stayed 
You're as useles as the subreddit /r/insults 
Don't be a hypocrite I just realized you can respond to any insult with don't be a hypocrite.
You're so fucking fat You make Big Smoke's order seem normal-sized
Your mother's abortionist must be proud. His biggest failure learned how to read.
Your mother's house is so dirty, you have to wipe your feet before you go outside. 
Everyone on this sub can go fuck themselves. Cause it ain't like any one else will.
Is your family tree a cactus? Because everyone on it is a prick. 
oooooooooo
[NSFW] Insult you are a doo doo head.
I would call you a cunt but you lack the warmth and depth 
Were you born on a freeway? Most accidents happen there 
Go apologize to your mother for not being a stillborn. 
Probably the best material that's ever going to get posted on this sub https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHoCMNdpHOY
Go put a condom on your head. If you're going to act like a dick, you might as well dress like one too. 
I'd call you a cunt but.... ....you lack the warmth and depth
Written on my ex-Boss' birthday card... Happy Birthday!
I hope you die of starvation in a wheelchair with 2 flat tyres.
You should clone yourself... So you can go fuck yourself.
Uh so I came on here because I wanted to see some good roasts So I'm confused is it normal for people to jokingly put bad roasts or are you guys idiots and can't think of a good roast? I want to see some legit good insults.
No I am not trying to make an insult I am honestly curious is this like a sarcastic kind of subreddit not actually a serious insult reddit...?
Every selfie you post qualifies as a dick pic 
You can't be as stupid as you look, nobody can. 
It takes 9 months for your mom to shit. 
Insult for girls: "No wonder guys get to your heart so easily." "Why?" "Your tits are really small."
